It's time to talk to you about
the technical specifications of
your DragonBoard 410C.
Throughout this lesson we've already kind
of talked about a lot of things we're
gonna talk about right now, but
we want to give you a little bit more of
an in depth look at
the capabilities of your board.
So, you have three options for
your operating system that
you wanna run on the board.
One of which is, of course, Android.
We've talked about that already.
Android being an application,
tablet based operating system.
It's really nice for
application development.
For all you Android users out there,
you'll have a lot of fun,
especially considering how
fast the processor is,
which we're gonna talk
about in a second as well.
You have Linux, which is either a desktop,
or command line based operating system.
Very similar to Windows or
Mac OS that you've probably seen before,
and then we've heard that Windows 10 will
actually also be available for this port
for download and installation, hopefully
sometime at the end of this year.
So we look forward to that and
we'll possibly be teaching you how
to do something with that later on.
>> All right, and the processor is again,
is the Qualcomm SnapDragon processor.
It is quad core and it's 1.2 Gigahertz,
which makes it incredibly fast for
the use that it's in.
It's not as fast as your computer,
but it's for
a micro-controller it's just amazing.
>> Oh yeah.
>> It's 32-bit and 64-bit capable So
you shouldn't have any problems with
video quality and things like that.
There's a decent amount of RAM.
So you have 1GB of RAM on board, and then
there's some small storage capabilities.
I think you have like
8GB on the SanDisk and
then you also have the,
like non volatile memory as well.
>> Yeah so,
the eight gigabytes is basically
where your operating system
is stored on board, and
then you have access to the SD 3.0 for
a non-volatile disk memory.
All right so, we'll talk a little
bit about video and graphics.
So you have the 1080p HD,
basically Video playback.
So, 1080p is kind of,
it's pretty standard nowadays,
and this board's pushing it out there,
as well.
The Qualcomm Adreno 306 40 graphics card,
we haven't
had too much of a chance to experience
the graphical capabilities of this board.
However, we're pretty sure they're gonna
be up there considering everything else
we've experienced so
far with the speed of the processor.
Connectivity and location, we talked to
you earlier about the on board GPS wi-fi,
Bluetooth, everything that basically
connects you to the world [LAUGH].
>> Yeah.
>> Is on the board already so
that's awesome.
>> [CROSSTALK] WiFi antennas,
you got it all so.
>> Yeah, you got it all, it's all on
there, and from our experience so
far it's phenomenal, it's really fast.
Yeah, then we have a lot
of different IO interfaces.
So you do again,
have the microSD card slot.
This one has a full
size HDMI connector for
connecting a wired to a display.
>> There you go.
>> Like a TV or something like that,
you have the micro USB, so
that you can connect
an interface from a computer.
This is really important for
Android again, uploading applications.
You'll be probably using Android Studio or
Eclipse to build them on a computer and
then upload them to the board.
And you have the two USB slots,
again, that will be used for
if you have Bluetooth or Windows operating
systems, you're probably gonna need
a mouse and a keyboard to be able to write
programs directly on to the board and
then be able run them from the terminal.
>> Yeah, so actually talking about
basically uploading applications through
the micro USB cable, that's been
the traditional way of doing things.
This board, from what we've
gathered can also actually access
the Android debug bridge via Bluetooth.
So another cool reason why
the Bluetooth is built in here.
We will hopefully be showing you how to do
that later on in this In this course, or
the next course.
But, a really cool feature that
just basically allows you to
upload applications wirelessly.
So, you could be sitting
around your house,
throw an application on your
board from the living room.
[LAUGH]
>> And
we're back to the internet of things.
[LAUGH]
>> And we're back
to the internet of things.
There you go.
Yeah.
Camera support, so it is capable of
holding up to a 13 megapixel camera.
Right now there is no camera for
this board however,
they are going to be releasing one soon.
And if you really needed a camera,
you can hook up a USB camera
through one of the USB ports.
So there still is access to video and
recording.
Just not via the expansion headers yet.
Talking about expansion headers,
we have multiple ways to connect to
the world via these expansion headers.
Like we talked about earlier, the 40 pin.
>> Yeah, the 40 pin expansion header has
a whole lot of different options for
connecting to various devices.
You have the UR, the SPI,
the I2C, the GPIO, those are a lot
of the big important ones, we're gonna go
over those a lot in more detail, I think
in course 3, but it's very important to
note that these are gonna be available for
the DragonBoard,
>> Yeah, and then on the 60 pin header as
you can see up there, you have
access to more I2C, MIPI where you
can possibly build yourself a audio
system, or something of those sorts.
Definitely a lot of really cool
capabilities in the future when after
developing more stuff for this board.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, oh yeah, and of course,
the 16 pin hair, we already talked about
all of this in an earlier video, but
yeah the 16 pin expansion header
as well has audio capabilities where
you can maybe solder in a jack.
It has microphone capabilities and
stuff like that.
Since this is a 96 board's,
compatible board,
there will be other add on's available,
like we talked about.
So possible shields that will allow
you to use third party cameras,
and stuff like that.
So, look forward or look,
yeah look forward to seeing,
look forward to seeing more releases for
this board, because it was just released
very, not too long ago, and
there's a lot more coming out.
>> Within the last month or so.
>> Oh yeah, yeah.
There's going to be a lot more coming out
for it, so we're excited.